Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at deleting our gist.
I'm currently on the gist that's associated with my profile,
and although it is a fine gist, I decide perhaps I want to go in a different direction
or I no longer want to make this gist available.
The option I have available is to delete the gist.
So, on the specific gist page, click the delete button.
GitHub will prompt me to ensure that I really want to delete this gist;
I'm going to click "OK". I get a blue banner that tells me I just successfully deleted the gist,
and, in this case, I have no other gist so I don't have anything to list.
Once I'm done here, I can click on view my profile on GitHub,
and that returns me back to my profile page on GitHub.
Once I'm here, I'm going to click on the octocat to return to my newsfeed.
Now, we're not completely done yet; we need to do a little bit of cleanup
back on our local system. So, go back to our terminal,
and I'm currently in the "my-gist" folder, which is the Git repository for our gist,
underneath the projects folder within our user's home directory.
Let's back up a level, and now delete the "my-gist" folder.
Type "rm"; space; and then us the "-rf" options; space; and then the name of the folder.
Double check that line, because the "rm -rf" command is extremely powerful.
Once you're confident that you have everything specified correctly, press enter.
Now if we type "ls -al", we no longer have the "my-gist" folder.